# BST

#### 1) tree_orders: You are given a rooted binary tree. Build and output its in-order, pre-order and post-order traversals.Input Format. The first line contains the number of vertices n. The vertices of the tree are numbered from 0 to n − 1. Vertex 0 is the root. The next n lines contain information about vertices 0, 1, ..., n − 1 in order. Each of these lines contains three integers keyi , lef ti and righti — keyi is the key of the i-th vertex, lef ti is the index of the left child of the i-th vertex, and righti is the index of the right child of the i-th vertex. If i doesn’t have left or right child (or both), the corresponding lef ti or righti (or both) will be equal to −1.

#### 2) is_bst: Task. You are given a binary tree with integers as its keys. You need to test whether it is a correct binary search tree. The definition of the binary search tree is the following: for any node of the tree, if its key is x, then for any node in its left subtree its key must be strictly less than x, and for any node in its right subtree its key must be strictly greater than x. In other words, smaller elements are to the left, and bigger elements are to the right. You need to check whether the given binary tree structure satisfies this condition. You are guaranteed that the input contains a valid binary tree. That is, it is a tree, and each node has at most two children.

#### 3) is_bst_hard: You are given a binary tree with integers as its keys. You need to test whether it is a correct binary search tree. Note that there can be duplicate integers in the tree, and this is allowed. The definition of the binary search tree in such case is the following: for any node of the tree, if its key is x, then for any node in its left subtree its key must be strictly less than x, and for any node in its right subtree its key must be greater than or equal to x. In other words, smaller elements are to the left, bigger elements are to the right, and duplicates are always to the right. You need to check whether the given binary tree structure satisfies this condition. You are guaranteed that the input contains a valid binary tree. That is, it is a tree, and each node has at most two children.


